Add warnings on isInputPending (#36051)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/scheduling/index.md

The **`Scheduling`** object provides methods and properties to control scheduling tasks within the current document.

> [!WARNING]

> > This is an older interface and newer scheduling APIs are available using the {{domxref("Scheduler")}} interface. Some [no longer recommend using `isInputPending()`](https://web.dev/articles/optimize-long-tasks#isinputpending).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `Scheduling` interface has been superseded by the {{domxref("Scheduler")}} interface, the features of which are better designed for addressing scheduling tasks. See [Don't use `isInputPending()`](https://web.dev/articles/optimize-long-tasks#isinputpending) for more details.
```
